my creamy and crisp raspberry cheesecake
croissants make a brilliant slap hop
breakfast you can lay on four guests at
the drop of a hat first thing I'm gonna
do is start off with the cheesecake
filling 500 grams of ricotta in a bowl
if you want to use ricotta you can use
full fat cream cheese whatever you do
use full fat because the low fat stuff
has got loads of water in it so when you
go to bake it it just kind of this it
just leaks all butter croissants I'm
just saying if you're gonna go all out
go all out I had four tablespoons of
castor sugar and two teaspoons of
vanilla extract
I love extract because you get that
instant flavor all out of a bottle easy
peasy it can last years in the cupboard
and save time scraping out vanilla pods
this is the start of a good vanilla
cheesecake but we don't want good we're
here to impress but quickly and for that
I'm calling on the freezer always have
them in the freezer ready for a
cheesecake emergency mix until that
gorgeous raspberry pink pops through
we're almost done but this recipe has a
hidden time-saving bonus so you thought
that we were gonna make one breakfast no
we're gonna make two that is kind of one
of the rules that I live by if I can
make two meals out of one I'll try we're
gonna make some overnight oats simply
scoop out half the mixture and pop aside
for later for now
cheesecake croissants one thing at time
one thing at a time
finish your cheesecake mix with two
tablespoons of plain flour and an egg
add that straight in well okay so that's
our cheesecake filling done so let's get
our lovely buttery croissants
just slip that right across but not all
the way through we're creating a little
cup for our cheesecake so you've got to
do this in a cupcake case because I'll
show you imagine trying to keep that up
right it's just not going to happen
you need one of these I love like a full
English on a Sunday but it's just too
many pots and pans sometimes it just
can't be bothered and this is just one
tray a bowl and I love breakfast Lloyd
for tomorrow
today's couldn't be easier we're already
on to filling don't get me wrong
love Jam and croissants but bake some
cheesecake in it it's a bit out of this
world
we haven't even baked fees and look how
impressive they look like you know you'd
even if no one's coming over for the
weekend now you want to invite them over
it's like hey do you want to come over
bake for ten minutes just enough time to
sort out tomorrow's breakfast those
overnight oats grab that mixture you set
aside earlier 150 miles of whole milk
and this just loosens it up then 150
grams of porridge oats love making hot
porridge in the morning but this is even
faster even quicker
tomorrow it tastes good but it will
taste even better the next day breakfast
tube done and that means a lion for me
tomorrow - best feeling for the world
having children and knowing that you're
all over it we're looking for a wobble
and they're wobbling and they're ready
my quick crispy and creamy rich
raspberry croissants are an effortless
breakfast guaranteed to impress your
guests making something impressive does
not have to take loads of time and loads
of effort that flaky yummy buttery
croissant and creamy cheesecake with
that zinger raspberry okay everyone else
I'm impressed
I'm gonna go back in
[Music]
you